Recharge v3
===========

ReCharge Health app with MongoDB, Express, Grunt, Bootstrap. Testing with Mocha.

Server will be running on port `8080`, by default.

	http://localhost:8080/

## Development

	npm run-script dev

**It's very important that you do all the development in the `/app` folder. Don't touch anything in the `/public` folder, since everything there is generated by Grunt, from the `/app` folder.**


## Tests

Run mocha tests with:

	npm test


## Deployment

Before deployment, run:

	npm run-script production-test

This will run the mocha tests, jshint checks, concatenate the scripts, optimize the images, compile and optimize Sass, and start a Node server for manual testing.

Make sure all tests pass.

Start the Node server with:

	npm start

Make sure you have the NODE_ENV variable set to `development`, `staging` or `production`.


## Structure

Everything related to the app is in the `/app` folder. This is the folder you should be doing most of the development work in.

`/app/bower_components` contains all the 3rd party client-side components, such as Bootstrap or jQuery, managed by [Bower](http://bower.io/). You should not edit anything directly in the folder, instead edit the `bower.json` file, and run `bower install`. Check the Bower documentation for more details.

The `/app/widgets` folder contains all the client-side JavaScript widgets (eg. the Numpad used in the Login and Registration views).

`/app/styles/` contains the Scss files that are compiled to CSS by Sass. Check the [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) docs for more details.

The `/config/` folder has all the configs used by Express - such as middlewares and routes, as well as configs for `passport` (used for the authentication process) or the server environment.

`/test` contains the [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/) tests for the app. Make sure new tests follow the same naming convention - `test-**.js`.

Run the tests with `npm test`.

**Everything in the `/public` folder is generated by Grunt when running `grunt` or `grunt build`. Please don't edit anything in the `/public` folder directly.**

